https://www.interviewbit.com/ansible-interview-questions/amp/                                              ---Ansible
https://intellipaat.com/blog/interview-question/ansible-interview-questions/                               ---Ansible
https://career.guru99.com/top-15-aws-interview-questions/                                                  ---AWS
https://www.simplilearn.com/tutorials/aws-tutorial/aws-interview-questions#basic_aws_interview_questions   ---AWS
https://www.interviewbit.com/aws-interview-questions/amp/                                                  ---AWS
https://youtu.be/R-eMiooXYEw                                                                               ---AWS
https://www.interviewbit.com/docker-interview-questions/amp/                                               ---Docker
https://www.interviewbit.com/linux-interview-questions/amp/                                                ---Linux
https://www.simplilearn.com/terraform-interview-questions-and-answers-article                              ---Terraform
https://www.interviewbit.com/terraform-interview-questions/                                                ---Terraform
https://geekflare.com/terraform-interview-questions-and-answers/                                           ---Terraform
https://github.com/orgs/terraform-aws-modules/repositories                                          Scripts---Terraform
https://www.edureka.co/blog/interview-questions/kubernetes-interview-questions/                            ---Kubernetes
https://www.simplilearn.com/tutorials/kubernetes-tutorial/kubernetes-interview-questions                   ---Kubernetes
https://geekflare.com/terraform-for-beginners/                                                             ---Terraform
https://spacelift.io/blog/terraform-commands-cheat-sheet                                                   ---Terraform
https://www.techgeeknext.com/tools/prometheus-interview-questions                                          ---Prometheus
https://www.codeusingjava.com/interview/prom                                                               ---Prometheus
https://mindmajix.com/grafana-interview-questions                                                          ---Grafana
https://www.guru99.com/docker-interview-questions.html                                                     ---Docker
https://www.interviewbit.com/docker-interview-questions/                                                   ---Docker
https://www.edureka.co/blog/interview-questions/docker-interview-questions/                                ---Docker
https://www.simplilearn.com/tutorials/docker-tutorial/docker-interview-questions                           ---Docker
https://www.interviewbit.com/maven-interview-questions/                                                    ---Maven
https://www.simplilearn.com/tutorials/maven-tutorial/maven-interview-questions                             ---Maven
https://www.guru99.com/maven-interview-questions.html                                                      ---Maven
https://www.interviewbit.com/shell-scripting-interview-questions/                                          ---Shell Scripting
https://www.simplilearn.com/shell-scripting-interview-questions-article                                    ---Shell Scripting
https://www.edureka.co/blog/interview-questions/shell-scripting-interview-questions/                       ---Shell Scripting 
https://linuxhint.com/30_bash_script_examples/                                                     Examples---Shell Scripting
https://github.com/epety/100-shell-script-examples                                                 Examples---Shell Scripting






https://docs.google.com/document/d/18MfILwbvAc3fVss4UFzvAIu4SsHuHR3LjHmeFRbfbdg/edit?usp=sharing           ---DocFIle